Now it's time to go back into the Google Analytics Interface and look under the hood.
We'll start by checking out the annotations that we teased about earlier,
and then demonstrate creating and editing your own annotations.
You remember these three texts bubbles from earlier.
Well, each of them corresponds to an annotation that's been made to a date in this range.
These bubbles are the only visual cue,
that some information is aligned to these dates.
We can pull down this little tab, and they will show up.
Another way to get them to show up is to actually just,
click on one of them.
But there is something important to remember, and that is that,
the only annotations that are included in your selected date range,
will show up on this list.
This is not an all-inclusive list,
that you can scroll,
to go backwards or forwards from the date range that you've selected.
So, for example, if we wanted to see if there were any annotations made in March,
we would actually have to widen our date range,
with the date range selector.
Let Google Analytics do its thing, and check again.
Sure enough, there is a annotation that was made on March 15th,
about the Ides of March clearance sale.
We'll take care of that later.
Now, you've probably noticed that,
all of these are marked as private.
Private is one of the two types of annotations.
It means that, only I,
who is the person who created these annotations,
will be able to see them.
These are all marked as private,
due to limited access given to us,
as users of the Google Analytics Merchandise Store.
However, when you have Collaborate Access to a Google Analytics view,
you'll be able to choose the option to create
the second kind of annotation, which is shared.
Shared annotations can be seen by any GA users who have access to a properties reports.
That can be a diverse audience.
So it's important to be mindful of what you're sharing.
Also, while annotations are shared across reports in the same view,
they are not shared among views in the same property.
So, make sure everyone is making their annotations,
in the organizations designated main working view.